h1. Style guide (h1)

h2. Table of Contents

p. This is a style guide for slate themes.  The purpose is to ensure that styles are created for various page elements.  It is not a guarantee that the styles displayed here will appear the same way in templates.

p. The guide is broken down into the following sections:

* "Paragraphs":#paragraphs (as well as inline style elements)
* "Links":#links
* "Headings":#headings
* "Lists":#lists
* "Images":#images
* "Tables":#tables
* "Forms":#forms

h2. Paragraphs (<a name="paragraphs">#</a>)

p. This is an example paragraph.  Within this paragraph, we have a number of inline style elements.  For example, we have <strong>strong text</strong> and <b>bolded text</b>.  We have <em>emphasized text</em> and <i>italicized text</i> as well.  We also have <span>spanned text<span>, which can be useful for <span>highlighting text</span>.  

p. Don't forget about citations, such as ??Cat's Cradle?? by Vonnegut.  Or acronyms such as CSS(Cascading Style Sheets).

p. Just for completeness, there's also +inserted text+, -deleted text-, ^superscript text^, ~subscript text~, and @code@.

h2. Links (<a name="links">#</a>)

p. There are four states for links that can be styled: @link@, @visited@, @hover@, and @active@.  You can also combine these states in order to style hovering over a visited link.  The four states have different levels of precedence.  A helpful way to remember the precedence is the phrase LoVeHAte, where the capital letters are for Link, Visited, Hover, Active (Link having the least precedence).

* ==<a href="#" onclick="javascript:return false;">link</a>== - unvisited link
* "visited":http://www.google.com  - click this link to test visited style
* "hover":http://www.google.com  - mouse-over to test hover style
* <a href="#" onclick="javascript:return false;">active</a> - hold mouse button down to see the active style

h2. Headings (<a name="headings">#</a>)

p. Here are the headings from one through six:

h1. Heading 1 <a href="#" onclick="javascript:return false;">with a link</a>

h2. Heading 2 <a href="#" onclick="javascript:return false;">with a link</a>

h3. Heading 3 <a href="#" onclick="javascript:return false;">with a link</a>

h4. Heading 4 <a href="#" onclick="javascript:return false;">with a link</a>

h5. Heading 5 <a href="#" onclick="javascript:return false;">with a link</a>

h6. Heading 6 <a href="#" onclick="javascript:return false;">with a link</a>

h2. Lists (<a name="lists">#</a>)

p. There are a three lists to style: 

* unordered lists
* ordered lists
* definition lists

p. First, an unordered list:

* cat
* dog
* horse
* pig
* Chris?

p. Now, an ordered list:

# bear
# bird
# fish
# slug
# Chris?

p. Finally, a definition list:

<dl>
	<dt>Animal</dt>
	<dd>A multicellular organism of the kingdom Animalia, differing from plants in certain typical characteristics such as capacity for locomotion, nonphotosynthetic metabolism, pronounced response to stimuli, restricted growth, and fixed bodily structure.</dd>
	<dt>Mammal</dt>
	<dd>Any of various warm-blooded vertebrate animals of the class Mammalia, including humans, characterized by a covering of hair on the skin and, in the female, milk-producing mammary glands for nourishing the young.</dd>
</dl>

h2. Tables (<a name="tables">#</a>)

p. There's really a lot of styling to do with tables: @table@, @thead@, @tbody@, @tfoot@, @tr@, @th@, and @td@.  (There's also @caption@ though it renders inconsistently across browsers.) 

<table>
	<thead>
		<tr>
			<th>Company (thead, tr, th)</th>
			<th>Employees</th>
			<th>Revenue in millions</th>
		</tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>ACME Inc (tbody, tr, td)</td>
			<td>1000</td>
			<td>74</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>XYZ Corp (tbody, tr, td)</td>
			<td>2000</td>
			<td>136</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tfoot>
		<tr>
		  <td>Total (tfoot, tr, td)</td>
			<td>3000</td>
			<td>210</td>
		</tr>	
	</tfoot>		
</table>